# Assembling the Arduino FileStore
The project is based around the [Arduino Due](https://store.arduino.cc/arduino-due) board, fitted with an SD card and Ethernet shield. The Due was chosen because of the combination of IO pin availability, and the speed of the 32Bit Arm processor on-board.

This is interfaced to an Acorn ADF10 (or AEH52) Econet module of the type normally used to upgrade a BBC Master, Acorn Archimedes or A Series machine with Econet connectivity. Only the Acorn upgrade cards have been tested and confirmed to work. The HCCS Econet module was found not to work when tested.

The Econet module and Arduino have their data bus linked via a SN74LVC245A buffer which provides the bidirectional 5 to 3.3 volt translation. Other inputs to the Econet module are driven directly by the Arduino, and the IRQ output from the Econet module has a pull down resistor to reduce the voltage to a safe level for the Arduino. 

The 2Mhz clock is generated by the CPU timers on the Arduino, and is left to free run once configured. I've not found a reliable way of determining the clock phase by reading the CPU registers, and so the clock signal is looped back into a input pin on the Arduino.

The Eagle folder contains the schematic and board layout I used to produce a run of PCBs for the project. This layout only really works with the ADF10 module which has the long pins, you would need to move the Econet card headers clear of the DIN socket to be able to use the AEH52 module which has shorter pins. 

The Gerbers folder contains an archive of the files I sent to jlcpcb to make the PCBs for the project.  
